c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Dashboard.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Dashboard.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Register.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Register.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Dashboard.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Register.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\AddressBook.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\AddressBook.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\AddressBook.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Requests.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Requests.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Requests.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\AddRequestButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\AddRequestButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\AddAddressButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\AddAddressButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\CancelButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\CancelButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\DeleteAllAddressButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\DeleteAllAddressButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\SignOutButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\SignOutButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\HelpButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\HelpButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\DeleteButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\DeleteButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\SaveButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\SaveButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\EditButtonUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\EditButtonUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\DateTimePicker\DatePicker.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\DateTimePicker\DatePicker.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\AddressBook.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\AddressBook.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Dashboard.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Dashboard.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\New\AddAddress.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\New\AddAddress.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\New\AddRequests.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\New\AddRequests.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Register.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Register.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Requests.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Requests.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\SettingsFlyout\HelpFlyout.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\SettingsFlyout\HelpFlyout.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\SettingsFlyout\StandardFlyout.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\SettingsFlyout\StandardFlyout.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\AddRequestButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\AddAddressButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\CancelButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\SignOutButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\HelpButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\DeleteButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\SaveButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\EditButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\DateTimePicker\DatePicker.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\New\AddRequests.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Requests.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\SettingsFlyout\HelpFlyout.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\SettingsFlyout\StandardFlyout.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\AppBarControls\DeleteAllAddressButtonUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\AddressBook.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Dashboard.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\New\AddAddress.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.exe
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.pdb
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\bin\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\Frames\Register.xaml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.exe
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.pdb
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\DatumPrikker.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\GitHub\SIG-Windows8\DatumPrikker\DatumPrikker.UI\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
